do you find yourself lethargic are you
unwilling to engage in society at large
do you have difficulty finding enjoyment
in things you used to love do you expect
all movies to be the same and become
afraid when they have different pacing
or plot beats you may be suffering from
too many Marvel movies people
who suffer from too many Marvel movies
will speculate endlessly with their
friends about possible spin-off ideas
for television programs but won't tell
them that they're exhausted from having
to do hours of binging and research to
understand what's going on at any given
episode because they just don't know
what else keeps the Friendship alive if
exposed to too many Marvel movies at a
young age you may even reject well-made
films because they don't have the
Staples of Marvel movies or you may
gauge the quality of Cinema based on
arbitrary Marvel values such as the suit
up sequence but there is a solution ask
your doctor about taking a break for
more movies side effects may include a
sudden realization of how the Marvel
formula has permeated all movies being
made in the last 10 years disappointment
movies that you don't need to speculate
about in order to enjoy a lack of
dopamine from ignoring normal movie
announcements a drastic increase of
unrealistic expectations for filmmakers
judging a movie entirely based on the
quality of CGI and automatic presumption
that anything that is popular is
automatically a poor quality putter
heads are especially at risk if you find
yourself revisiting Harry Potter contact
your doctor immediately it's time to
start taking a break from Marvel movies
because there's more to life